Consistently lint OP-LAMBDA where FUNCTION is (#2190)
r-lib/lintr: NEWS.md

  + `undesirable_function_linter()`
  + `unreachable_code_linter()`
  + `yoda_test_linter()`

> * Linters with logic around functon declarations consistently include the R4.0.0 shorthand `\()` (#2190, @MichaelChirico).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Linters with logic around function declarations consistently include the R 4.0.0 shorthand `\()` (#2190, @MichaelChirico).
```

Author: Thanks!
